It was simply a statement of a position which you had stated previously and the rich
I've written in the fabric has responded to me.
Maybe well, the reason that Mr. Cameron came in was because they had to be answering the
question.
The question is, can you explain it in a car?
Maybe, I'm not involved in the matter of what was involved now.
I was not prepared in the state.
I'm more subject.
I saw that in order to be fully informed with the committee that I'd give you all of
the facts connected with it.
And that's the reason it went in now as far as expediting the hearings.
And then I'm far too much to do that too and willing to cooperate in any way that you
suggest along that line.
And the recirculation could be resolved with this way that we assume for the purposes
of this record the Lee's hearing that there was no new element of charge in what the secretary
said about the abuse of General's record.
He has said that many times before.
He has answered him many times before.
And it really isn't a part of this particular controversy to determine whether or not such
abuse is a matter of time.
Mr. Chairman, we secretary has made a statement now.
I think seven or eight times in the process of testimony that I abused a general.
The evapor of the only element of the state I was saying that's not right to be time on it.
That makes the record have them to part of the record.
However, I would like to personally secretary as to what steps he took to notify some
of his about the record case, but efforts to use using the record to try and get us to call
off the subpoena of those responsible in the credit case.
Last night, I believe a rather important incident that the night press location was also.
Let's not go into a re-save of this record testimony and the record controversy.
You said after all, we're not qualified to use the case.
I think I'm afraid we'll listen across from the other case.
I understand that you were then referred to that part of the Virginia special vacation
that is there as the weather and not the case itself is used in an effort to get the hearing
from the public.
I think it's all right.
That's quite different from right.
Going into weather and not the case itself.
You know, I'm not just secretary, getting this discussion going to turn the purpose of this
line of ingrained eyes on this.
Did you get a map of Davis from General Flickr at one time?
I did.
It did.
And how wide did you distribute that asset?
I didn't distribute it at all.
I recall.
Well, who would have you spend the state?
I didn't spend it anybody.
I recall.
I think that General Ridgeway and Mr. Adams probably faithful out of people might have seen
it, but I expect what this gives.
Now, when I talked to you about these Wicker Matter originally, then I suggest to you
that you just keep your feet on the ground and wait to read the testimony.
But yet all we can to do is ask for wind-thawing, press-hands with all of your newspaper.
And if the testimony was dispensable, you were putting a panic sign in my eye, say?
Well, the fact that it didn't I suggest to you before you went off after you read the testimony.
Something that I said, isn't that probably our language?
You had a monetary classroom, you know?
What's that?
You had a monetary room, so you said no.
That's why you never got the day that monetary conversation?
I don't have a hair.
But you can get us and refresh your recollection, can't you?
I thought.
All right, let me ask you this.
Without using that monetary conversation, do you now know that I did suggest to you?
If you just keep your feet on the ground,
read the testimony.
I'm not getting excited about it, but you read the testimony.
And talk to Mr. Rinsel and talk to Mr. Jones for a present of the time.
I told you that you had all weekend to do that,
because he wouldn't be called back and don't choose the anyway.
Isn't that right?
I recall part of that, not all of the time.
But roughly, that.
I know that you were a senator highly displeased with the idea
that I had ordered General Quickers not to appear at a hearing on the following
to the meeting this morning.
I want to know if you both stated that it was very clear to me that you thought that I did.
I did.
I wanted out to you that you had no right to order enough to appear,
that you would have to appear and that plan that you asked any questions.
The answer, which was violate Army regulations, or violate any law,
then you could refuse answer, but you have it on our Athena.
That's what I told you.
I think that was in the conversation.
It was not roughly the conversation.
I don't think so.
Right, but now get back to it.
You got an Athena.
That's right.
That was foring you with it?
Yes, sir.
Did you compare that, Athena.
But with the foreign testimony letter?
Not in detail.
I turned my attention to the transcript when it was published.
You found a copy of that.
Did you not buy air mail to Colonel McCormick who is down in Florida at the time?
Some copy of what?
The Athena.
I did not.
Did you call him and read the Athena?
You sure you didn't send the copy of the Athena?
I did not.
Just wait a minute.
Let me get the straight down.
You did not at any time send the copy of the Flickr Athena.
All right, resume oven.
This is who that is.
It resume oven to Colonel McCormick.
I did not.
Now, did you take that Athena to any of the senators returning to the state?
Yes, sir.
I did not.
Now, did you take that after David to any of the senators returning to the state?
No, I do not think that they had died.
I went up and saw them.
But I make a great statement to get these facts on the table.
I would have no objection.
Very confident here.
And minding you now is the way you're doing it.
Now, if you get any new pages here, the country makes a statement about the country's
rigidity.
I'm trying to be responsive to a term of question questions and I certainly don't want to
prolong the thing that you may do on the facts out in the many cases.
I have, when I first heard about this, which the case on the morning of the 19th of February,
following the testimony that his parents for the committee's previous afternoon,
I came over on the hill that afternoon.
Then at the McCarthy without a pal, I was going to come first to be vineyard.
I decided I would call on each member of this committee that was available.
And I did so do and everyone was available except the Senator Jackson and Senator McCrarty.
And I explained to them what had happened in the district case carrying the previous day
in New York.
And I advised you to send it in.
But I was good with not, did not think I ought to be called upon to stand for her due to
the Army witnesses.
I felt this witness had been abused and I was not going to have an appearance in hearing
on Tuesday.
Now, the reaction of the senators, I think I could summarize by saying was that, get what I said
was true and I think if they didn't have any way of knowing at the time except what I was
telling them, then they quite agree that there should not be abuse of witnesses.
The resident argument about it, I came over to the floor of the Warren, the members of the
committee of the action about Connoctrite and Magdaude's general's written.
I continued to try to get a hold of Senator McCrarty on the phone.
He was holding hearings in Upper New York today and I reached him on Saturday morning,
about 9.30 as I recall and I explained to Senator at the Wilders calling that I had ordered
a general, but did not appear, that I wanted him to have all the facts in the matter, that
I'd gone over on the Hill and it's confirmed individually with his senators and dringening
up the date, that was the conversation to which Connoctrite, originally, has referred to
his testimony and it's the result he's done arrived in conversation, part of which I recall
and part of which I don't.
Now, when you answer the question, Mr. Prykker, the question was, did you take the
governor's office to any of the senators?
I don't think I had it at that time, Senator.
I was pretty sure that I didn't have it all away.
Did you have any time, did you, as a governor, have a governor, show any members
were at the table or any other senators?
I don't think I ever had it.
And this time, if you talk to me, Mr. Prykker, I have been as respected as you to identify
the Colonel McCormick, Colonel McCormick, Colonel McCormick, will you identify him please?
I was busy and did not hear the question and did not hear your answer and his entirety,
and I heard no reference to Colonel McCormick, but ever, that may be you did refer to him in your own.
I was referring to Colonel McCormick, the publisher of the Chicago Attorney's Law Act.
Perhaps I would ask you that question, Senator instead of the secretary,
and he is not identified as Colonel McCormick.
I'm Chicago, is that correct?
I'm sure of a newspaper. Very well.
I have no further questions, Mr. Chairman.
Senator McCormick, I have any questions I presume not, and it's understood to my left.
And it is understood to my right. Mr. Welch, no questions to phone or Senator McCormick.
Mr. Stephen, when I was asking you whether you were in the Senate,
Mr. Booker, the Senate, the Colonel McCormick, you said that you were the Frank,
the publisher of the Chicago Attorney's Law Act.
That's right. Did you follow the Colonel and ask him to, or write me a reminder to this?
I never did anything, Mr. Senator McCormick, in regards to the, the, the, the,
the half of the day that you were asked about, I sent Colonel McCormick a wire
voting the public release, but I made from the Pentagon on Sunday,
the 20th part of the February, and the President of the Color Grants voting the release.
And the public release contained experts from this half of the day that it's no such thing.
Did not, did you call the Colonel also no such thing?
The only contact you had with him was this wire, that's right.
Now, first, the half of the day that it is of the day.
The half of the day that is over mile after five per tone.
Now, when you said you went down, you gave the Senator's a story about what happened.
Yes, sir.
During the Booker testimony, did you first take the time to release the testimony?
It wasn't available for me.
Was it the day after the Booker testimony?
That's right, and if you call anyone to sign and get a copy?
It was an executive session, and I have seen it.
It took place on Thursday afternoon, and I'm just a Friday morning to talk about it.
Well, no, you know the whole executive testimony was made available to you.
The question is before you went down, tell the country's what happened.
Did you call anyone? The official report?
No, I didn't call it. Mr. Chairman, I desire this time to make a ruling which I hope the committee will accept.
It is now my considerate opinion.
That's the merit of the General's Wicker case.
Constitution, a collateral issue.
The Secretary of the Army has said that General's Wicker was abused.
Senator McCarthy has said that he said he was not abused.
I do not think it's proper, I have to further consideration.
For this committee to allow proof to be introduced with reference to the General's Wicker case,
and with reference to whether or not anything Senator McCarthy might have said to him or about him,
was proper or improper.
I really mean based upon my conclusion now that it is entirely collateral matter,
and that we should proceed to investigate the pertinent issues involved in this investigation.
Mr. Chairman, in view of the fact that there is a minute that I have filed on a grave of the ruling,
I don't think this would have mattered.
This play is a profession.
The profession is important to take much more time.
Not a question, the ruling, the government.
Mr. Chairman, in view of the fact that there is an alpha Davis made by General's Wicker,
in view of the fact that the press releases, put out by Mr. Stevens' office,
with indicates that half of Davis is contrasted to the foreign testimony of General's Wicker.
If this is true and I have never seen the alpha Davis understand all that seems to be freshly stolen,
if that is true then Mr. Wicker,
find they false math of death.
In fact, I am asking that we are left to win with the last sentence.
I am never asking that the alpha Davis be supplied to the committee,
and we make it very clear, I don't know what's in the alpha Davis.
I have never seen an alpha Davis receive in the floor repeatedly.
All I can go on are the press release,
and if he did find a false alpha Davis,
that would be one reason why the secretary would be trying to call off these hearings
because we are telling Mr. Wicker back again to check with him on this particular matter of the alpha Davis.
This would have to do with motive.
So I ask the sheriff to call for that alpha Davis,
and have the staff compare it with the foreign testimony.
Are you calling for the alpha Davis send them a credit?
I am asking the sheriff to be produced and introduced here in Athens.
Nothing introduced Mr. Duncan's,
but produced and given to you and so you and your staff can check the foreign alpha Davis
with the foreign testimony.
I ask the rest of the, it's there before the press removal.
Will you do that Mr. Jake,
there we think that's entirely proper for you to hear.
You're out in the same state,
and I'd also like to say that I have no recollection of the sentiment party ever having asked me for that.
Where will we produce in the grand opening council?
Mr. Secretary,
I think everyone here has been talking about expediting the hearings.
We've been a great deal of time talking about how we're going to expedite them.
Well, you're counsel the other day,
and I'm sending six for you, is that correct?
Your counsel's please for you, does it?
Yes sir.
The other day in page 1370, he said that I would say this,
but if the hearings take the course that I'd suggest,
first the Secretary and then the senator,
I would either be content to let the case rest in those two witnesses,
although that would give us a somewhat of braviated hearing,
or at most we would wish to call out to all the two more.
I'm taking this suggestion,
it is that you've been willing to let the case rest in those two witnesses.
That's that time.
Did you agree with it?
That's the calendar.
The senator has read only a portion.
You've went away with what I have,
because the senator is under referred to why I said he should read all the time.
I'm going to add a further cross-examine on that point.
I think the senator's question is a total question.
And the question now is whether or not you represent him,
of course that is a four-dominant conclusion.
You speak for him, that's a four-dominant conclusion.
And he's asking your time now whether or not at that time,
the time you made that statement.
The secretary agreed with you I was willing for that formula to be adopted.
I've seen nothing wrong with that.
The chairman of the formula is three paragraphs long, that one paragraph long.
He may be both found during the other further cross-examination.
I don't see a little bit of this.
I can't answer the question without the full-screen paragraph.
I suggest that you answer it.
It is not going to be spoken to you here.
I don't want to have all the facts out.
When you read the full statement, the secretary said to the secretary,
that I suggest that you have before you say 13-70,
if you feel I have done violence to the context, then let's talk to him.
What is it?
Have you got it before you?
The chairman appointed all the right hand in the talk.
We have been overdressed more than once,
and everyone has expressed their opinion about us,
and all of their opinions and views are in their record.
Thus we go over again the hearing, thought, proceeding,
and this is not calculated to expedite them, but only to bring out a repetition.
I am not present, but I don't believe the secretary said in the comment.
There's been asking questions about that.
I'm sorry, but this is getting to the round.
People are asking one day, but I...
The secretary has not ten million, my ass.
He has invited the secretary.
The secretary has spoken for him, and are we going to question everybody
if they want their attorney to agree to their attorney?
If they want to ask the secretary, will he be willing to agree to our attorney?
We accept counsel as his attorney.
The attorney has spoken for him, and this is not that long over in the records over at all.
If they can do nothing, they accept the lazy-hearing,
so no light up on any issue that's now before the committee.
Objects as the secretary.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, may I say this?
As best I remember, this is the first time the secretary has been asked whether or not he has sent it,
or has come sent it to such a formula.
I can see no possible points in interrogating the secretary with reference
to let matter take place to shed light on the frame of mind of the secretary as to whether or not he desires to present all of his evidence,
or have his evidence curtailed its conclusion of his testimony,
and whether or not he desires all of the evidence on the senator's side to be presented,
or will be condemned for only a part of it,
the only possible relevancy of it would be on the question of moldy's are the frame of mind of the secretary,
and for that purpose only, he seemed to me and I do believe in hope.
The defendant is entitled as that one simple question,
yet a knight should from the secretary and not pursue that matter any further.
Mr. Jenkins, I testify the other day that I wanted all the facts and the days brought out from all of it,
then as I and I stand on it, yes, one of our witnesses, that's the,
I think he's answered the question now and I don't think it should be pursued any further,
he wants all of the evidence on both sides to introduce,
as far as counsel for the committee is concerned, I am in accord with you, Mr. Secretary.
Thank you.
Mr. Chairman, may I say the reason why I am in accord with you, Mr. Secretary?
I believe that the point of order may have been exposed.
Mr. Chairman, may I say the reason why I propose that the secretary,
trust of the point of this, as the chair knows the principal consensus,
made by me and Mr. Cohn, Mr. Farr, is that the chairman and the military,
the federal government, Mr. Stevens, the Brown, have taken holiday delivered court
to find keeps this committee occupied in this hearing, starting in the first place to make your charges.
And I'll continue like this.
I propose to bring to this with the chairman to show that as of now, Mr. Welch's objective
to Saturday hearings, looks like this matter, evening hearings like expected,
that there was bad faith, as the time Mr. Welch made this original offer
that we accepted the Middle East and East Plays, that we accepted that offer.
I didn't make it. We accepted that.
He said he was speaking for the secretary.
The secretary did not attend the meeting. I would like to know why the change of heart over
and night in order to prolong the hearing, if that were a reasonable, semi-scientist place.
I'm not saying that the guasery was not, if that were a reasonable agreement,
made tonight before, the offer, Mr. Welch, except from me, in fact, I want to step further.
I thought I would dismiss Mr. Chavins from the stand in the founder and take it myself the following morning.
It's that for a good way of exposing to the matter that night.
I would like to know who decided between 6 o'clock at night and 9.30 the next morning
that they should not follow that force to expose Mr. Welch.
To follow a force that will prolong the hearing's indefinitely.
I think that shed light upon the other issues.
But if the chair doesn't agree, I will not pursue that any further.
The chair believes that the secretary has answered the senator's question.
And Mr. Welch has erected a withdrawal any offer that he might have made.
And we do not believe that there's a proper function for this committee to investigate as to any reasons
which might have changed his mind, which has changed his mind, which is a representative of the president.
In the interest of fairness, Senator McCarthy has now introduced in youthful,
it is my opinion that Senator McCarthy and the finally I will ask the question.
Mr. Secretary, this is the thought of apparently motivating the last question by Senator McCarthy and I will ask it.
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to raise a point of order.
I would like to raise a point of order now against the council's question.
I would like to raise a point of order before the council's question is not against it very well.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that the question is asked on part of the evidence which has been read by Senator McCarthy
and the council for the secretary of the army says that ineffective has been taken out of context
because it's not the entire story.
Then prior to the question being re-praised and there have been re-ass the secretary of the army,
the council for the secretary of the army should have the right to present the details of the case
as he sees it stopped by reading all the testimony he gave bearing on the question
and not having read just part of it by the center for which council.
Mr. Chairman, my question is if the question is a counsel,
Mr. Cotation, that the senator refers to, I'd like to share what I've told you pointed out
is he just to be ready and full.
The secretary cannot do on the point of order the question was not yet been asked.
As you may ask the question, Mr. Secretary, you have been asked and I'm out as whether or not you have sought to prolong this hearing
for the purpose of curbing or curtailing the efforts of Senator McCarthy and his staff
and their investigation of communists and infiltration of communists in the army.
And particularly whether or not you may have and I do not suggest that you have or have not repudiated any agreement
made by your attorneys looking to the shortening or termination of this hearing
and for the purposes expressed in the first part of my question, do I make it fair?
Yes sir, the answer may be not.
All right.
The answer is in the negative, the agenda which frankly will proceed on some other line of interrogation.
I didn't understand the answer, you'll say you know you did not purify the adults for the purpose.
The answer is positively not, it's not.
And then I would like to know who did he discuss that agreement with you?
Chairman, I would like a firm ruling from the chair of the minister to be inquired into no further.
If we're stated at this in this room by these, that we have set our hands to the bow to bow the long, hard pearl.
I suggest that at these hearings I'm moving slowly.
It is because of the tactics of the senator from Wisconsin that's far and the patient.
For days I have passed when I've been given the opportunity to ask questions.
For days, which is a member of the past when given that opportunity.
I suggest that it's time to come to hear this simple thought.
The senator is now engaged in a fellow bus to bike, device to cross the examination.
Now you're testifying Mr. Wells and not the day of the anybody.
Mr. Chairman.
I think this is an important question.
The repudiation of the agreement.
I don't trust Mr. Wells with right to repudiate it.
There was no agreement for me, madam.
There was no agreement that every member of the committee knows that was always.
The member of the chairman, the secretary has been asked the one question only with respect to any alleged repudiation of the agreement.
That's the possibility of being germinated to the issues in this conversation to with.
Did he or not repudiate the agreement?
I don't imply that he did it.
It did not for the purpose of prolonging this inquiry and thus serving our hamstringing the efforts of senator McCarthy and his first communists or subversives.
His answer was definitely in the negative.
I think the inquiry should now be entirely discontinued on that subject and ties to another subversive.
The chairman is entirely proper position.
The senator has been permitted to ask the relevant questions in that connection.
The chairman has stated that the committee has noticed positions to face counsel on the oaths or any purposes involving but maybe his type and suggestion for conducting the inquiry.
He has a grant to his own opinion.
Mr. Chairman, if your statements are clear, please note that Mr. Jenkins' testimony did not have goody a agreement to start the hearings.
That's true. I think I'm entitled to ask him whether or not he discussed that agreement with counsel.
But our counsel has taken on himself to do it with.
That's it.
And some other questions are in the committee for your team.
Mr. Chairman, I think this is very important because that's the situation.
But as wise and wise and wise we may go from long to hearing several months.
I think that we should find out.
When the secretary says he did not propitiate the agreement, I would like to know who did it.
But as a state of heart and the part of the Smith-to-Welts, I think that's a perfectly proper line of inquiry.
And then it's all in the point of what is the chairman.
As I remember, a little elementary rule of law.
Conversations and information gain are expressed as the between five and attorney or privilege.
Am I correct?
Make the counsel?
Sir, I'm sorry, sir.
Where's the proceed?
Here we can definitely uphold the point of what you're hearing.
I think it's very analogous to the one you have failed yesterday.
Open about relationships between investigators and inquiries.
You'll proceed, sir.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, if Mr. Stevens wants to claim a privilege, he hasn't had to do it.
But I don't believe that the privilege can be a privilege, you know, that's a claim.
If any more, you can accord a fifth amendment privilege.
And I think that's very important across the dead he discussed.
The agreement with Mr. Welsk, you want to claim the privilege, all right?
The one of arguments that I've been sitting here and listening to an agreement.
Now, if we're going into this, I want to ask Comple, another elementary, another elementary rule of law.
I suggest that we proceed then, if we're going to follow down this diverse track way off the track,
to establish first, whether an agreement exists.
I'm the chairman, Mr. Chairman.
I'm the one of orders, director of the question.
First, let me send a rejection.
The record speaks for itself.
The record is in writing in a time script.
I do not feel that it is my free robbery of two interpretees, this committee must do so.
Well, this one is, I assume the committee has to, if there any agreements, we have to pass them.
I just wonder what the agreement was.
There's a U-level statement.
But, isn't there some rule of law and acceptance and contrast?
Mr. Acedres-Exon, thanks for being back.
Senator McCarthy, let you, that Mr. Welsk made an agreement,
may they proposition for the shortening of curtailment,
are the discontinuous of this year?
Senator McCarthy's father alleges that he accepted it, that an agreement was made,
as I understand it, Mr. Welsk denies that.
Any father in query with respect to that matter is wholly immaterial,
and an unnecessary consumption of time.
Have I made myself clear?
I have made myself clear.
Of course, the committee decides on the approval of agreement by four.
Otherwise, the one who wants to go on, consult can't decide.
Certainly, counsel cannot decide.
I do, it's not the one who's on, but counsel can't decide.
Well, does anyone scratch you up or need an order?
Mr. Secretary, I'd like to hand you a favor with Mr. Sikhan's on it.
Mr. Sikhan's on it.
I'm handing the secretary a list of six names individuals who were opinion by the committee today before the hearing started.
I think it'll be improper, but I stand from the hearing feet.
Mr. Sikhan, I'm handing the secretary a list of six names individuals from the Pentagon,
who had been ordered to introduce today before the charges were made public in Switzerland.
I don't think it'll be improper to have those names made public at this time.
The rule of the committee has been the purpose of being a someone that's actually a session.
The names might not make public in the latter, but are allowed to appear against the reason for handing in the names to the reason of reading them all.
Mr. Sikhan, you've all lost the other day that one of the reasons why you wanted the hearing of the release that the defendant was,
was that you could go ahead yourself and do the job of closing.
We're talking about Secretary of the Senate and the President about the hearing, but not not.
I'm not sure about that, right?
Well, I think it's about the hearing here.
That's a great pleasure.
It wasn't your testimony that you wanted the follow-up hearing.
I'm telling the principal basically, the Army called up, so you could do the job yourself.
I'm Jackson.